Add tfc-agent requirements for OPA in the docs (#280)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/opa/index.mdx

-> **Note:** Policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud Team and Governance tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing). OPA policies are not available in Terraform Enterprise.

Policies are rules that Terraform Cloud enforces on runs. You use the [Rego policy language](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/) to write policies for the Open Policy Agent (OPA) framework. After you define policies, you must add them to [policy sets](/terraform/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets) that Terraform Cloud can enforce on workspaces.

> OPA Policies are run in [Terraform Cloud Agents](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents) and are supported in version 1.4.0 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPA Policies are evaluated in [Terraform Cloud Agents](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents) and requires Terraform version 1.4.0 and higher.
```
